sup guys good morning what is that work
today and I jumped all of you off at
Grandma's head to the library just
because I think working from home is
awesome
but if you do it for long enough I feel
like you just like kind of want to leave
the house when you're working because
because then it doesn't it's not
relaxing you know what I mean it's like
your home is your workplace and your
workplace is your home so it's like when
do I kill United mean so I don't I think
that the reason that I've been wanting
to get out the house so much to work is
not only because it's beautiful outside
but also just so that I can have that
differentiation between like workplace
and home relaxing you know so my hair is
kind of doing its own thing today do its
own bank today I'll crazy hair for
breathing they're all going naina she's
just playing what brands ahh
I'll make a smoothie for dinner and just
some potato why just for a little bit of
carbs but I just want to keep it fruits
and veggies basically so we have wedgie
friends that I cut up for a hurry I got
a cool-down some smoothie have your
smoothie and the smoothie is just packed
with spinach potato hello yeah hello
like mommy's okay not better yeah you
hold it okay good and into any other red
stuff on the plate cuz I I don't I say
the word because she knows what that
means
it's not hot anymore I love it school
yeah Elmo yay Oh potato I'm gonna take a
little Olivia quiz true or false
when Olivia's born her feet were
humongous what is Olivia's favorite book
yes
Chicka Chicka Boom Boom what's Olivia's
favorite cartoon correct
what's Olivia's favorite number two what
Olivia's favorite song yes well no
actually you know what he used to be
first he used to be those CDs that your
mom got when a dancer did it yeah she
does Oh what's Olivia's favorite thing
to wear
shoes I don't even know that yeah shoes
yeah
what's Olivia's favorite fruit mm-hmm
and I think it's a close second with
strawberries all right guys I'm heading
to bed you'll be proud to know that my
nail polish started chipping off and so
I removed it for once I'm learning I
know you guys always get on me for
wearing my nail polish wait past it's
due date but this time I took it off
right away
I hear you okay makes sense hey guys I
see you in the morning